His unique hairstyle is often treated with unusual equipment, such as butter and fruits. This is sounding really ridiculous, but the fact Bruno Mars does it. He believes that the combination of butter and some fruits will make his hair stand out. Moreover, the ingredients that can be found at home and grocery also will make his hair healthy. It will work better than chemical hair product. This is truly new invention you can try at home to do the same way in treating your hair as just Bruno Mars has done every day. He has his own name for his hairstyle. Bruno Mars hairstyle is called Wamp and stomp. He says that he cannot tell how many proportions of butter and fruits amount he makes. The main thing that must be done is there must be lots of butter with real fruit juice. One of the surprise ingredient in his hair is that barbecue potato Pop chips.

The only one rule in treating his hair is only put all of ingredients in all over the hair. This is truly incredible and unusual hair treatment which is just only having by the one and only Bruno Mars. Bruno Mars hairstyle with butter and fruit is actually a healthy way for her. Based on the research butter is one of ingredients that can make hair to be shiny. It can be combined with egg as a daily hair mask. So, it is not wrong if Bruno Mars keep his hairstyle with natural ingredient.

Moreover, Bruno Mars also use fruits as the other composition in treating his hairstyle. If you are interested with Bruno Mars hairstyle, you can try lemon juice to be applied on your hair to keep it healthy. Lemon juice can be used to prevent hair fall. There are some ways you can apply with lemon juice. First, put five to six drops of lemon juice to your scalp and combine with egg or butter. Second, you can combine it with oil before shampooing. Besides of that, Bruno Mars also may use apple as a hair treatment, since it has the function to keep your hair stay black and shine. This unique hair style of Bruno Mars can be your inspiration in doing new hairstyle and getting new hair treatment. Now, you will believe that your idol has an unusual way to make you impress with his hairstyle, Bruno Mars hairstyle.
